---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
---

# Terms and Conditions

These Terms and Conditions ("Terms") govern your use of Picattoo's iOS or
Android application ("Application"). By using the Application, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not use the Application.

## Use of the Application

You may use the Application for lawful purposes only. You must not use the Application for any illegal or fraudulent activities.

## Prohibited activities

You must not:

1. use the Application in any way that violates applicable laws and regulations;
2. use the Application for any illegal or fraudulent activities;
3. interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Application;
4. attempt to gain unauthorized access to any part of the Application or any systems or networks connected to the Application;
5. use any automated means to access the Application or collect any information from the Application;
6. impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent yourself or your affiliation with any person or entity;
7. use the Application to distribute spam or other unsolicited commercial messages;
8. use the Application to distribute viruses or other malicious code;
9. use the Application to harass, threaten, or intimidate any person;
10. use the Application to engage in any activity that is harmful to minors; or
11. use the Application in any other way that is prohibited by these Terms.

# Intellectual property

The Application, including all content and materials available through the Application, are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. All rights in the Application, including all copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights, are reserved.

You may not use any of our logo or assets without our express written consent.

# Usage rights

The output of the Application, including tattoo designs and images, or other content generated by the Application, may be used by you for any lawful purpose, provided that such use does not violate these Terms or any applicable laws or regulations.

## Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and our respective officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any claims, actions, suits, or proceedings, as well as any damages, losses, or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or in connection with your use of the Application, including any violation of these Terms.

## Termination

We may terminate your access to the Application at any time and for any reason, without notice or liability.

## Changes to these terms

We may update these Terms from time to time by posting a new version on the Application. Your continued use of the Application after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms.

## Governing law and jurisdiction

These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
Ireland. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the
Application shall be resolved exclusively in the Irish courts.

## Contact us

If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms, please contact us at
[support@picattoo.ink](support@picattoo.ink).
